1. 
The initial, visible screen area is extremely valuable space
Screen resolution and size determine how much of a page is visible
Place the most critical information above and to the left of the potential scroll zones
 -  Avoid a cluttered appearance
 -  Follow the same guidelines on subsidiary pages

To help prevent webpage scrolling, use:
- Carousels
- Card layouts
- Slide shows

These may affect SEO

When designing a webpage, you need to decide how to manage page width
-  Fixed-width page
-  Liquid or flexible page layout
-  Hybrid page layout

2. 
WAI: Web Accessibility Initiative
Identify the target clearly 
Do not use color alone to indicate links
Group related links together in navigation bars

User-based navigation
Based on visitors’ needs rather than publishers’ needs
Use target audience profile
UX

User-controlled navigation
Allows visitors to move around a website in a manner they choose

Include navigation back to home page on all subsidiary pages

3. 

4. My subsidiary pages' color scheme would be the purple color #A689E8. And I will use #9c89e8 for the homepage.
(Both purple, homepage uses more dark purple)

5. Homepage would include these: the categories, the button to go back to the homepage, and the menu button shows where to go.
Hompage button will be placed at the left upper side in the website, and the categories will be placed underneath the hompage button in the middle upper side.
and the menu button will be placed at the very left of the homepage, so that users can open and go anywhere from any pages.

6. Right after the base production of the website is finished, I need to test the website to check if there is any problems that I should fix, or overall feelings when 
I get into the website at first time. And It's not something only I can do, so I'll ask people to check my website, and give me feedbacks or good spot that should be 
emphasized more. After this process is finished, I'll recheck the website one more time and publish the website as soon as I can. I'll maintain and keep an eye on my website.
But at least 1 time a month, I will overview and recheck the website if there are any feedbacks or complain about the website. All of these three progress won't cost any money.

7. Identify the website’s purpose and target audience: Its purpose is to make people use and visit my website when they're listening to music, and the target audience 
would be anyone who're interested in music.

Determine the website’s general content: Select the playlists by your own taste of music. Ask for adding musics you know and give feedbacks

Select the website’s structure: hierarchical website structure based on the homepage (Every page can go back to its homepage)

Specify the website’s navigation system: checked

Design the look and feel of the website: My website would like to make the users' feel different every time they visit. So I picked purple as a color scheme.
Because the color purple means mystery and dreamlike.

Test, publish, and maintain the website: Checked



